Math games for middle school. Well, Math is
a hard subject and how do you, what kind of
games can you make to make Math more interesting
to learn? Hi, I'm Jimmy and we're here to
discuss a few ideas on how you might want
to get started. Now, one kind of game you
might want to consider is sorting games. Sorting
games really helps folks understand how to
combine like terms, what you can combine,
what you can't. I have in front of me here,
three kinds of note cards. If you were to
scramble them, what you might get the students
to do is again, put the color cards and, so
that they all match. For example, have the
orange cards go with the orange, the green
go with the green and the pink go with the
pink. Have them be careful of not to interchange
the different colors because the cards are
not alike. That's an example of using like
terms and having a game with it. Money games
are specially effective because just about
everybody can relate to money. It's a great
tool for helping you determine addition, subtraction
as well as decimals because as you know, money,
the dollar bills and the coins use a lot of
decimals. Arithmetic games. The ideas if you
take some pieces of paper, cut them up, You
might have two groups of paper, each have
from zero through nine representing the ten
digits, but have two stacks because you're
going to have a third stack with four pieces
of paper each involving an operation. One
for addition, subtraction, multiplication
or division and then that way, you can get
them a quick ideas as to how mix and match
and use the different operations. For example,
9 X 3 or 5-2, those are just some other examples.
And finally another quick suggestion is, if
you know of a popular game show that a lot
of your students watch, you might want to
use a game show to incorporate that into a
game like jeopardy, millionaire. So for example,
if you want to use jeopardy, under a certain
category, you might have to say, the answer
to 7 X 9 and the student might say, what is
sixty three. So it's a good way to involve
the students as much as they possibly can.
So I'm Jimmy and there are some ideas to incorporate
games in middle school for Math.